[Music]
okay it's time to put your thinking caps
back on and get ready for eleven riddles
only really smart people can crack we
all want to be exceptionally observant
and witty right I know I do however in
real life we rarely get the chance to
find out whether we truly possess these
qualities or not so are you ready to put
yourself to the ultimate sharpness test
let's get it started then before you
find out how savvy you are be sure to
hit subscribe and ring this notification
bell to never miss a thing on the bright
side of life
here's riddle number one let's start
with an easy one what do you see in this
picture a cube or a hexagon you have ten
seconds to prepare your final answer so
what's it gonna be a cube or a hexagon
[Music]
whichever you choose you're right
it's basically both if you look at this
picture from a certain angle you'll see
a hexagon looking from another angle
will reveal a cube if you saw both your
eyes didn't lie to you
you're just the master of attention and
observation
riddle number two look at these three
portions of delicious pasta
hmm I know you want to choose the
biggest portion right so which one is it
time is ticking
[Music]
even though plate number one is huge the
portion of pasta on it is the same as on
the other two so whichever plate you
chose you get exactly the same amount of
this tasty meal number three now let's
change it up a bit and look at these two
Tigers are they the same color don't
overthink it just trust your intuition
[Music]
believe it or not these Tigers are the
same color let's remove the background
for a moment see they're completely the
same if you crack this tricky puzzle
props to you it'll be hard to twist you
around anyone's finger riddle number
four view this picture carefully what
does your gut tell you are these stairs
carved in this big stone or are they
simply next to it you have ten seconds
to figure it out
[Music]
good news both answers are correct once
again it depends on the angle you're
looking from add one more point to your
observation skills and let's move right
along to the next riddle riddle number
five let's switch our attention to this
magazine from your point of view is it
open so you can see its pages or so you
can only see its cover
[Music]
judging from this picture both options
have the right to exist as they're
completely accurate if you see both of
these answers it's a very good sign that
you don't just take a quick look at
things you examine them and therefore
see a lot more but I'm still not done
testing your unique abilities so get
ready for the next challenge
riddle number six these three smiling
guys have a little question for you they
can't figure out who is the tallest out
of them find the answer in ten seconds
so who's the tallest number one two or
three luckily for the guys they're all
the same height and if you notice that
as well you should give yourself a good
pat on the back
riddle number seven now it's time to
look at this ring is it positioned on
its front or back side in this picture
make up your mind in ten seconds
[Music]
this one is tricky but also quite easy
since both answers are correct once
again you must look at objects from
every perspective remember only this
kind of perception can help you solve
these puzzles one by one riddle number
eight
everybody loves cheese right now look at
this one and tell me if it's a piece of
cheese or a wheel of cheese with a
little piece cut off hurry up
[Music]
if you've been scratching her head for
10 seconds straight and still didn't
find an answer don't sweat it out both
options are correct it just depends on
the angle you're looking from but don't
relax just yet more riddles are coming
riddle number 9 your next task is to
look at these two dots can you tell
which of them is higher
[Music]
at first it seems like it's dot a but if
you look a bit closer and really pay
attention you'll see that they're
positioned on the same level the riddles
are getting trickier and trickier right
well prepare yourself for the next one
riddle number tab now look at this tray
everything seems fine but I'm not
digging this light blue glass right here
what do you think how can I remove it
you have 10 seconds to think it through
did you find the solution yet
it's simple let's just rotate this tray
180 degrees and voila the glass is no
longer there if you didn't get it don't
worry you still have a chance to redeem
yourself with the last but certainly not
least puzzle riddle number 11 let's go
back to shape riddles here I have a
pyramid made of cubes for you how many
cubes do you see here count them all in
ten seconds
[Music]
so what number did you get if you've
answered six or seven congratulations
you're right it can be either six or
seven depending on the angle you're
looking from so if you can easily see
both this is yet more evidence of your
sharp vision and exceptional observation
abilities and there you go
that was the last riddle if you answered
at least six of these questions
correctly
you're certainly quick-witted and
attentive to detail but if not there's
no need to worry there are a couple of
ways to train your observation skills
and even perfect them you should start
with number one observe the people
around you
not in a creepy way of course just make
it a fun little daily exercise as you
have lunch in the cafe or take a walk
look at the people around you try to
guess their life story and what they do
for a living just by paying attention to
their attitude and nonverbal behavior it
doesn't really matter whether you guess
right or wrong this exercise will open
up your mind to details and make you see
secret patterns and people's behavior to
ask why one of the most effective ways
to improve your resourcefulness is to
ask yourself why questions for
everything you observe this constant
circle of thoughts and search for new
answers keep your brain hungry for new
information the key here is to find a
happy medium between analyzing
everything that happens throughout the
day and overthinking everything
perceive it as a fun brain puzzle game
and let this new information go as soon
as you're done playing
number three start drawing even if you
think you're terrible at painting and
drawing this hobby boosts your
observation skills like no other just
grab a piece of paper and start drawing
the objects in front of you soon enough
noticing little details and looking at
things from a different perspective will
come naturally to you making your
everyday life way easier number four
eat more slowly if food is one of the
biggest loves of your life you'll surely
enjoy this little trick all you must do
is eat more slowly truly enjoying your
meal next time you have your favorite
dish try to pay attention to its texture
taste and smell this will teach your
brain to find connections between
different objects on a deeper level and
make conclusions based on this newfound
information as a result your observation
skills will skyrocket number five learn
how to read body language we all want to
read people like an open book right well
body language provides you with all the
tools it teaches you to spot seemingly
meaningless details and gestures and
figure out people's true intentions
through them you can always find
articles and books on body language so
pick them up to learn a trick or two
this new knowledge will not only make
your eyes sharper but also allow you to
find out exactly what's on people's
minds so how many of these riddles did
you crack tell us in the comment section
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe stay with us on the
bright side
[Music]